update readme and add contributing.md (#130)
elastic/synthetics: README.md

# Experimental Synthetics Agent

Synthetic Monitoring with Real Browsers.
**Please note this is an unsupported experimental project. Expect things to break and change!**

> Docs are forthcoming, feel free to browse the repository, but we ask that you refrain from asking questions about use till docs
> are published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation is available on [elastic.co](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/observability/current/synthetic-monitoring.html).

Have questions? Want to leave feedback? Visit the [Synthetics discussion forum](https://discuss.elastic.co/tags/c/observability/uptime/75/synthetics).
```

Reviewer: Docs link is ready. Feel free to add it in however you'd like

Author: Sure, Thanks Brandon 🎉

# Experimental Synthetics Agent

Synthetic Monitoring with Real Browsers.
**Please note this is an unsupported experimental project. Expect things to break and change!**

## Usage

Install the package

```sh
npm install -g @elastic/synthetics
```

Run the suites via CLI

```

> npx synthetics [options] [dir] [files] file

Reviewer 2: I think we should avoid `synthetics` since users will confuse this with the `synthetics` NPM package published by newrelic. Can we replace this with either `elastic-synthetics` or `@elastic/synthetics`

Author: Yes good catch.

> Options:

Reviewer 2: Do we really want to maintain the output of `npx elastic-synthetics -h`?

Author: I will remove it and improve the doc section to link there.

  -s, --suite-params <jsonstring>  Variables (default: "{}")
  -e, --environment <envname>      e.g. production (default: "development")
  -j, --json                       output newline delimited JSON
  -d, --debug                      print debug logs info
  --pattern <pattern>              RegExp file patterns to search inside directory
  --inline                         Run inline journeys from heartbeat
  -r, --require <modules...>       module(s) to preload
  --no-headless                    run browser in headful mode
  --screenshots                    take screenshots between steps (only shown in some reporters)
  --network                        capture all network information for all steps
  --metrics                        capture performance metrics for each step
  --dry-run                        don't actually execute anything, report only registered journeys
  --journey-name <name>            only run the journey with the given name
  --outfd <fd>                     specify a file descriptor for logs. Default is stdout
  -V, --version                    output the version number
  -h, --help                       display help for command
```

## Documentation

> Documentation is avaiable on [elastic.co](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/observability/7.10/synthetic-monitoring.html)

Reviewer: Now that 7.10 docs are live, can you change this to `current` so we don't have to update every release?
```suggestion
Documentation is avaiable on [elastic.co](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/observability/current/synthetic-monitoring.html)
```
